# UI-patter-project-weather-app


Welcome to the Weather App! This application allows you to check the current
weather and the forecast for the next six days in any city around the world.

Features Search Functionality: Enter the name of the city you want to check the
weather for and click the "Search" button. Current Weather Display: Get
real-time information about the temperature, weather description, humidity, wind
speed, and current date and time for the specified city. Weather Icon: A
corresponding weather icon representing the current weather conditions is
displayed. Temperature Units: Toggle between Celsius (°C) and Fahrenheit (°F) to
view the temperature in your preferred unit. 6-Day Forecast: View a 6-day
weather forecast, including the maximum and minimum temperatures for each day.
Responsive Design: The app is designed to work seamlessly on various devices,
including desktops, tablets, and smartphones. Technologies Used HTML: Provides
the structure of the weather app. CSS: Styles the user interface and ensures
responsiveness. JavaScript: Implements the weather API integration, data
fetching, and dynamic content updating. Axios: Utilized for making HTTP requests
to the OpenWeatherMap API. Bootstrap: Used for styling components and creating a
responsive layout. How to Use Enter the name of the city you want to check the
weather for in the search bar. Click the "Search" button or press Enter to
display the weather information for the specified city. Toggle between Celsius
and Fahrenheit by clicking on the respective temperature unit link. Scroll down
to view the 6-day weather forecast, including the maximum and minimum
temperatures for each day. Attribution Weather data is provided by
OpenWeatherMap.

Credits This Weather App is an open-source project created by Demira Pasalic.
You can view the source code on GitHub.

Enjoy checking the weather with this app! If you have any feedback, issues, or
suggestions, feel free to contribute or contact the developer. Stay informed
about the weather conditions wherever you go!

Demo: https://weather-app-js-vanilla.netlify.app/
